I told you, don't think too much about it.
What if the president chooses his wife regardless of the single-family team?
But look at the feelings. How to say?
You have been running with him for so many years.
Just in case he. What if he sees this kind of feeling.
Did I take you, the Yang daughter of the Xu family?
Fake explanation, what did you say? It’s working time now,
Go back quickly. It would not be good for Mr. Zhou to see it later.
You think so? Be a secretary.
What about you? What if Master Lin is really his?
What about you pretending to be Sisu? Do you still have a chance?
What about me? Do I still have a chance?
Blowing people around every day and running around Baotian's house
Now I’ll give it to Mr. Zhou at work.